reisen is Boris you hear me all right
hmm then let's begin and dr. custom
designed this VR training to test all
your new abilities you should get
comfortable with your new body before we
send you out in the field yes so
thirsteee is playful
you will find a number of targets in the
VR space cut them down in whatever way
some of those targets are holding
hostages just blade most to take them
out safely
all right enough with blademen let's
move on next is combat training we will
start with cyborgs yours blade mode to
slice enemies in half and take their
memory unit
this
let's practice retrieving targets during
battle retreat the terminal located at
the far end of the park